First e-mail communication (#16)
coderefinery/2025-09-09-workshop: content/communication/welcome.md

If you need assistance with the installation, we offer two help sessions on **Wednesday September 3rd** and **Monday September 8th**. Please check the schedule in your time zone: https://coderefinery.github.io/2025-09-09-workshop/#schedule . You can also ask someone you know for installation help - these are standard tools and they can probably give you custom advice.

Connection details for the installation help sessions and the shell crash course: **zoom link sent to participants** .

### During the workshop: How-to follow

Here are all relevant resources that you will need in order to connect during the workshop:

* You may follow the workshop lectures via Twitch in a web browser, no account needed: https://twitch.tv/coderefinery  or you can join a local classroom (see below)
* Please use this collaborative document to ask questions during the workshop: https://notes.coderefinery.org/workshop-2025-sep
* Schedule and lecture materials: https://coderefinery.github.io/2025-09-09-workshop/#schedule 

> We will take breaks at times that will work for most locations as we are across multiple time zones.

Author: ```suggestion
We will take breaks at times that will work for most locations as we are across multiple time zones.
```

We will take shorter breaks every hour. The first three days also have an one hour break in between which depending on your timezone can for example be used for lunch.

### After the workshop: Certificates

Anyone with an e-mail address associated with a research or higher education institution can request a certificate 
recommending 1 ECTS for the workshop after the workshop is over. Detailed instructions: https://coderefinery.github.io/2025-09-09-workshop/certificates/ We do not track attendance and if you cannot join the live session, you can also watch the recordings available on TwitchTV.

### Bonus: Teams and local classrooms
For those who do not want to attend the workshop alone, there's still time to gather friends and colleagues to follow the workshop with you in a local classroom. 

In-person classroom are currently available in Espoo, Reykjavik, Stockholm, Copenhagen and Oslo, please register separately to get in touch with the respective organisers: 
https://coderefinery.github.io/2025-09-09-workshop/#local-exercise-groups

> If you want to form your own local classroom, we are happy to help you! Please get in touch with us at support@coderefinery.org

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to form your own local team, we are happy to support you! Please get in touch with us at support@coderefinery.org
```
